[OSDOCS#18859]: Added files for Degraded TNF (#110945)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-operator-stability-during-degraded-operation.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * assembly_operating-degraded-two-node-fencing-cluster.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cluster-operator-stability-during-degraded-operation_{context}"]
= Cluster operator stability during degraded operation

[role="_abstract"]
Cluster operators are expected to remain available during degraded operation:

* Most operators continue to report `Available=True`. Core APIs remain functional.

> * The etcd operator reports `Degraded=True` because only one of the two expected members is healthy. This is expected behavior.

Reviewer: On the live cluster, it's not just etcd — `kube-apiserver`, `kube-controller-manager`, `kube-scheduler` all report `Degraded=True` (NodeControllerDegraded), and `machine-config` reports `Degraded=True` (MachineConfigDaemonFailed). That's 5 operators total. Worth mentioning so users don't think something unexpected is happening.

// Module included in the following assemblies:

> // * assembly_operating-degraded-two-node-fencing-cluster.adoc

Reviewer 2: Make the change to the other modules, as appropriate.
```suggestion
// * assembly_operating-a-degraded-two-node-fencing-cluster.adoc
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cluster-operator-stability-during-degraded-operation_{context}"]
= Cluster operator stability during degraded operation

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} cluster Operators maintain control plane stability and API availability when a two-node cluster enters a degraded state.

Reviewer 2: For consistency
```suggestion
{product-title} cluster Operators maintain control plane stability and API availability when a Two-Node with Fencing (TNF) cluster enters a degraded state.
```

Author: two-node OpenShift cluster with fencing (TNF)

During degraded operations, cluster Operator conditions exhibit the following behaviors:

> * Most Operators maintain an `Available=True` condition, ensuring core API functionality remains accessible.

Reviewer 2: Not sure why this sounds better....  AI says: "'ensuring that' adds clarity by directly linking the action to the outcome"

```suggestion
* Most Operators maintain an `Available=True` condition, ensuring that core API functionality remains accessible.
```

> * The following operators transition to a `Degraded=True` condition because only one of the two expected control-plane instances is operational:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The following Operators transition to a `Degraded=True` condition because only one of the two expected control-plane instances is operational:
```

    - `etcd`
    - `kube-apiserver`
    - `kube-controller-manager`
    - `kube-scheduler`
    - `machine-config`

> * Specific operators might exhibit a `Progressing=True` condition during reconciliation routines that require data from both infrastructure nodes. This condition resolves when the second node returns to an online state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Specific Operators might exhibit a `Progressing=True` condition during reconciliation routines that require data from both infrastructure nodes. This condition resolves when the second node returns to an online state.
```

[NOTE]
====

> No unexpected or cascading Operator failures must occur during degraded operation. If they do, investigate the issue as a potential bug.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
Unexpected or cascading Operator failures should not occur during degraded operation. If they do, investigate the issue as a potential bug.
```

Author: Unexpected or cascading Operator failures must not occur

> No unexpected or cascading operator failures should occur during degraded operation. If they do, investigate the issue as a potential bug.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
No unexpected or cascading operator failures must occur during degraded operation. If they do, investigate the issue as a potential bug.
```
